so this look is a great summer because
it's just so simple you just go on a
maxi dress and sandals and your
so this look is also great because it's
so easy to transform before time I
started up with square and I will love
this color it's like
I underneath the dress I wore from
hurry up the foots
everybody has a pair of denim shorts in
their closet and a nice band t-shirt so
this is a really good summer look and I
had my little channel a bag and some
gladiator sandals so I just started off
my look with some black dial types and
the same boots as in the previous book
and then I wore this to a nice orange
blazer a mole inspired
so this would be like my take of going
out to look and during the summertime
you don't really need anything more than
nice top and some Suzy Hauser's and my
healthiest so in this book I also wore
the black dotted tights and then I
layered over the top at biker leather
jacket you can also stop there but I
layered over the jacket abdomen just
then I went with a clutch
please comment like and subscribe and
let me know which one is a favor
everything goes the down below five